Clarify Test Setup and Teardown in Documentation (#519)
workarea-commerce/workarea: docs/source/articles/decorate-and-write-tests.html.md

end
```

### Change Setup/Teardown Behavior

To change how tests are set up or torn down between each individual run, use the `setup` and `teardown` DSL methods:

```ruby
module Workarea
  class ImportInventoryTest < TestCase
    setup :setup_custom_logic
    teardown :teardown_custom_logic

    def test_perform
      # ...
    end

    def setup_custom_user_logic
      # do your custom setup logic here
    end

    def teardown_custom_user_logic
      # do your custom teardown logic here
    end
  end
end
```

> Applications may also use the block style for these DSL methods, but **plugins should not use this style** as it is impossible to decorate in an application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applications may also use the block style for this, but **plugins should not use this style** as it is impossible to decorate in an application:
```

```ruby
module Workarea
  class ImportInventoryTest < TestCase
    setup do
      # do your custom setup logic here
    end

    teardown do
      # do your custom teardown logic here
    end

    def test_perform
      # ...
    end
  end
end
```

> In Workarea 3.5.0, `Workarea::TestCase` will do a few cleanup tasks for you on teardown, so writing tests like this won't accidentally leak configuration and cause random test failures:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Workarea 3.5.0, `Workarea::TestCase` will do a few cleanup tasks for you on teardown, so writing tests like this won't accidentally leak configuration and cause random test failures:
```

This will be true going forward.

```ruby
module Workarea
  decorate UserTest do
    # When decorating tests with different setup code, make sure to enclose
    # your `setup` and `teardown` calls in a `decorated { }` block.
    decorated do
      setup :use_custom_authentication_gateway
    end

>     def setup_custom_user_logic

Reviewer: These methods should match, no?

Author: lol they sure should
